Layout of the files in this repository
======================================

The core aims of the files layout are:

- project integrity, documentation, tests etc. of the project
  are consolidated in one directory
- namespace preservation, directory structure reflects namespace

For additional examples check:

- [dotnet solution layout](https://gist.github.com/davidfowl/ed7564297c61fe9ab814)
- [ASP .net core engineering guidelines](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/wiki/Engineering-guidelines#coding-guidelines)


Namespace
---------

The used namespaces start with `Radicle` prefix
and are as short as possible.

Unit test projects have `.Tests` suffix, one per project.
The namespace used in unit tests is the same as namespace
of code under the test, this greatly siplifies test files
and just makes sense.

Functional test projects have `.FunctionalTests` suffix,
ususally one per solution.

Samples for particular project have `.Samples` suffix,
one per project. Sample projects for solution do not have name
restrition but should share common prefix for namespace.

File naming
-----------

- files should be named as the type defined in the file,
  for C# this is `PascalCase` style
- unit test file names should have `Test` suffix
- for other files and directories use `snake_case` style
  and only lowercase names to avoid confusion, except ...
- solution and project files and any autogenerated essential
  resource files (by the IDE or editor) have exception


Method naming
-------------

### C# tests

See [testing documentation](testing.md).


File layout
-----------

- solution file in root of repository

Structure of directory:

    ./docs/                # documentation *.md files
    ./docs/README.md       # index for documentation files
    ./samples/             # nested sample projects (./samples/Namespace.Samples/project.csproj)
    ./src/                 # project source files and project file (./src/project.csproj)
    ./tests/               # nested test projects (./tests/Namespace.Tests/project.csproj)
    /README.md             # (only root) index for solution documentation files
    /solution_file         # (only root)
    /.editorconfig         # (only root) editor configuration
    /.gitignore            # (only root) git
    /.gitattributes        # (only root) git
    /shared_meta_data      # shared project files meta-data, like *.props
    etc.

Configuration of .gitignore
---------------------------

The `.gitignore` is set up as white list because
listing crap which should not be checked in is foolish.
